// The following files will be listed in the table in the tex-file if they exist in the given directory as well.
// Wildcards are marked with the $ character.
// The filename and the descriptions should be seperated with a single tab. 
// Lines that start with double slash will be ignored.
// The descriptions themself can contain tex-code but should be in one line.
derby.jar	This library contains the necessary drivers for the Apache Derby database.
mysql-connector-java-$-bin.jar	The library to connect to an existing MySQL database.
spring.jar	The spring framework delivers different methods and classes to make the handling with Java/Java EE easier.
spring-web.jar	This library contains the web application context, multipart resolver, Struts support, JSF support and web utilities for the spring framework.
commons-cli-$.jar	Commons CLI provides a simple API for working with the command line arguments and options.
commons-io-$.jar	Commons-IO contains utility classes, stream implementations, file filters, and endian classes.
commons-logging-$.jar	Commons Logging is a thin adapter allowing configurable bridging to other, well known logging systems.
servlet.jar	This package contains different classes for the work with servlets.
jmc.jar	This library contains the Java Media Components which can be used for example for playing video content in Swing applications.
Scenario.jar	This package provides scene graph functionality for Java.
openjms-$.jar	OpenJMS is an open source implementation of Sun Microsystems's Java Message Service API 1.1 Specification
log4j-$.jar	log4j is a framework for the logging of messages in Java.
rabbitmq-client.jar	This library contains the client for the RabbitMQ messaging system.
jndi-$.jar	The Java Naming and Directory Interface is an API which provides methods for multiple naming and directory services. It can be used for example to register disposed files in a network and to allow other part of a Java program to use them for RMI calls.
concurrent-$.jar	This package contains different thread-safe classes.